-------------------- 하프나 발현 증상 시작 뉴스와 그로인한 영향----
Assuming Skinner's declaration is true,
only six days remain until the first set of casualties.
We are seeing a rapid increase in fever patients worldwide,
which is believed to be an effect of Hapna.
Hospitals are overflowing with cases of pyrexia,
putting tremendous strain on medical professionals.

We strongly urge those with fevers to stay home.
Please refrain from going to the hospital.
They are full.

The decline in stock prices
has failed to come to an end,
remaining closed are New York, Shanghai,
as well as other major exchanges.

Congress, post offices, public banks,
and other services are closed.
With no timeline for reopening.

It is a possibility
that today will be the last Sunday
we ever get to see in our lives.
-------------------- 하프나 발현 증상 시작 뉴스와 그로인한 영향----

--------------------- 새로운 단서 - 심장 수술 병원 --------------------------
It's mainly used by patients
who have artificial hearts.

Hold up.
Does that mean Skinner
has an artificial heart?

I know he's struggled with a condition for some time,
but I've never heard of him having an artificial heart.

Maybe he could have gotten one
in the last three years.

But that would be difficult--
to undergo such intense surgery
without attracting attention.

I've pulled medical records of hospitals
that performed artificial heart surgeries
from the last three years.
There aren't any matches.

Hmm.
How did he pull something like that off? Crafty.

Perhaps he went to an underground genius surgeon?

Get real,
people like that don't exist.

Then perhaps the procedure was done at a discreet hospital
catering to the elite.

[릴랜드 무언가 짐작]

What do you mean?

You've never heard of it?
Rumor has it there's a hospital
that guarantees total privacy
in exchange for an incredibly high medical fee.

Great, that sounds like it's worth looking into.

Here's the thing.
It's completely unknown to the general public
and a direct referral is supposed to be
the only way to get in.

That makes sense.
I can't find any traces of a place like that in the network.

Are we sure that place is real?
Not just some urban legend?

Axel, Doug.
Would you mind coming along with me?

Whoa!

Leland.
What's with the getup?

Well, I think I might have a way to get us in.
--------------------- 새로운 단서 - 심장 수술 병원 --------------------------

-------------------- 레이디 이자벨라 ------------
Such unusual guests we have today.
And who is it you are again?
It's been so long now that
I can't even remember your name.
The prodigal son has finally returned.
Is that befitting?

Good day, Sister.
It's been quite some time.

There's nothing "good" about today, you pariah.

I've come here to humbly ask you for a favor.

Seriously?
You show up after four years
just to ask for favors?
What is it now?
Is it fraud? Maybe theft?
What do you want me to cover up for you now?
Father went out of his way
to get you admitted into a good school, 
and you did nothing but screw it up!

I'm sorry for my actions.
I know that I caused a lot of trouble.

That is an understatement.

Please, Sister.
Would you introduce me to the members-only medical society
that the Astor Family uses?

To our doctors?
What kind of scheme are you up to this time?
My goodness.
How is the only man left in the family a reject like you?
The tradition of male inheritance is outdated.
Father should have just been smart
and abolished it all while he was still alive!

I'm thinking maybe we shouldn't be here for this.

Quit asking me all these questions.

I beg your pardon, Sister.
But if you would see fit to take a husband, then--

Huh?!
What did you say?!

Um, please, Lady Isabella--

I was forced to meet with a long list
of prospective suitors!
And I hated them all!
Every last one of them were greedy assholes after my money!
So, don't talk to me like that!
You have no idea what I've been through!
-------------------- 레이디 이자벨라 ------------

------ 이자벨라 릴랜드에게 수장역할 요청  ------
It's time for you to take your position
as head of the Astor family.

Huh?

Just do it.
Then you won't need to ask me for any more favors.
All the information you want to know
will become yours.

After treating me like some kind of parasite for years,
now that our brother and father are dead,
you suddenly want me to take over?
I can't even remember
our father spending time with me as a child.

So what?
You're complaining about being an illegitimate child?
Who gives a damn?
You've been a rebellious brat
who's wasted time on nonsense, anyways.

Father never even showed up when my mother passed away.

What else was he supposed to do?
Publicly attend the funeral of his mistress?!

that's the reason why I didn't attend his.
I considered it an act of revenge.

Enough already.
If you're not here to take over things...
then leave and never come back.
[이자벨라 방 밖으로 나감]

I don't get it. Why did he ask us to come here with him?

He probably wanted us to see this.
What life is really like for him.

Despite everything she said,
the truth is that Lady Isabella
has been looking forward to your return
more than anyone, Master Leland.
When she heard that you'd arrived,
she looked happier than she has in a long time.

[이자벨라 돌아옴]
Why does it always end up like this?

What?

I said to myself this morning, "No arguing today."0
On the anniversary of Father's passing,
there were white carnations left at his grave.
They were from you.

Well, actually...

It was you, wasn't it?

Yes.

All right.
I'll give you what you want.
But in return,
you have to spend the entire weekend with me.

Huh?

I mean, the world has gone to hell.
If it's going to end in just a few days, then why not?
You can afford to spend one weekend with me.
All right?
That's my demand for introducing you to our doctors.

You have my word.
Then I... promise you that I'll come back here next Sunday.

What do you mean, next Sunday?
Haven't you seen the news?

Listen.
I'm asking you for this information
so that we all get another peaceful Sunday.
Please, I need your help!

------ 이자벨라 릴랜드에게 수장역할 요청  ------
-------------------- 의사에게 도움 요청 ------------
I quit smoking awhile back.
But then I figured there's no point in fighting the urge
when the world is about to end.

So, we're searching for Dr. Skinner right now.
Do you know if he underwent any type of heart surgery here?
I know you can't just share that information,
but it's our only clue that can lead us to Skinner's whereabouts.
Please help us!

On the day of your father's funeral,
you watched in secret, didn't you?
Off in a corner of the church
that nobody was paying attention to
But I had you figured out.
+
Even after that little brush with the law
and your estrangement from the Astor family,
I knew for a fact that you were a kind kid at heart.
+
I guess doctor-patient confidentiality means nothing now, huh?
Honestly, I've been waiting for someone to ask me about that.
After all...
I can't take this secret to my grave. 

-------------------- 의사에게 도움 요청 ------------

-------------------- 의사 스키너 심장 수술 사실 밝힘 ------------
Your hunch was right on the money.
Skinner did undergo surgery for an artificial heart here.
And the post-op outlook was good.
But the problem is we can never be sure what might happen
with an artificial heart.

What are you implying?

All modern artificial hearts are designed
so that the heartbeat data can be constantly monitored.
Naturally, we were supposed to be in charge of monitoring Skinner's data.
But... after being discharged,
he immediately encrypted the transmission
and made it untraceable.
We no longer know his whereabouts
or even if he's still alive...

What's that?

It's the firmware for the transmission system.
Analyzing it might reveal something useful to you boys.
For example...
if some third party is now monitoring him instead.

-------------------- 의사 스키너 심장 수술 사실 밝힘 ------------

-------------------- 의사가 릴랜드에게 아버지 이야기------------
Leland, listen to me.
I know your father died in that disaster...
and I believe there's significance to the fact you survived it.
And you should also be aware
that your father talked about you pretty often, too.

What?

"He's the one who takes after me the most."
I can relate to him far more than he thinks,
since I always gave my parents a hard time, too.
I remember him saying that.

Hey, it's time to get going.

Right.

Hold on, boys!
Can I ask you for a favor?
If you do manage to catch Skinner,
I'd like you to bring him here first.
As his primary care doctor,
I couldn't bear the thought of him just dying on me like this.

-------------------- 의사가 릴랜드에게 아버지 이야기------------

----------------- 릴랜드 스파이 고백 ------------------
Listen, thanks for tagging along with me today.

Don't mention it.
We scored big.

And, uh...
there's actually something I need to tell you guys.

That you're a spy?

Wait, you knew?

We're all here under some shady circumstances.
So, it's no surprise that you have a secret or two to hide.

[릴랜드 울먹]

Aw, geez.
Come on now, Leland.
Don't start crying.

I'm not crying!

Okay, if you say so.

Seriously!
----------------- 릴랜드 스파이 고백 ------------------

-------------------- 기타 좋은 표현 ------------

What's with the getup?

who is it you are again?

What kind of scheme are you up to this time?

Nobody gives a damn

What else was i supposed to do?

Your hunch was right on the money.

What life is really like for him - What is [무엇] like?" 매우 흔한 질문 패턴으로 연습

Is it just me or do we seem sorely out of place here? 
I'm thinking maybe we shouldn't be here for this. 




