episode 8 
------------ 허쉬 추궁 ------------
So, uh, it's feeling very gloomy in here.
Where's Chris, by the way?

I have something to tell you about her.

Before you start, we need to talk.
Skinner developed Hapna at the Hague Institute,
which we know has been shut down.
But I had Elaina do a little digging.
I wanted to see who worked there at the time.

Huh? Is that Ms. Hersch?

Well, look at that,
guess that means you and Skinner were old buddies, eh?

So, ma'am, is there a good explanation for this
that you can share with us?

Very well then.
I knew somebody would uncover this information sooner or later.
Yes, it's true that I was once Skinner's colleague at the Hague.
I was also part of the team researching Hapna.
But right before the drug was finished,
he vanished without a trace.
He just left.
He never said a word to me or any of our colleagues.
I was totally devastated.
I left the institution shortly after.
Then three years later, when he finally returned from seclusion,
Hapna had become a lethal drug
that threatened to destroy the world.
Worse yet, we couldn't understand its molecular makeup.

And now?
Who are you working for?

Well, I bet you have an educated guess.

Yes, I do.
Some special task force created under the NSA...
I would assume.

That's correct.
Lazarus recruited me because of...
how well I know Skinner.

Excuse me.
I haven't been able to follow a single thing
you guys are saying.
Can we go back to Chris.
Where is she?
------------ 허쉬 추궁 ------------
------------ 크리스 연락 끊김 ----------
We lost communication with Chris last night.
Her GPS shows her in territorial waters in Russia near the Arctic, 
at an abandoned offshore oil rig.

She's in the Arctic?
Why would she be there?

We're working on the assumption
that the oil rig is part of Russia's spy network
and serves as one of their hideouts.

In other words, she's been captured by Russian agents.

If she remains out of contact for three days,
her wristband will automatically activate
to stop her bloodstream and end her life.
It was set up that way because that's what she wanted.
Christine Blake is not her real name.
She used to be a Russian special forces agent.
She defected,
and then changed her name and her face
and became a member of Lazarus.
She's been fully aware that in order for us to trust a spy like her,
she would have to be willing to put her life on the line.
------------ 크리스 연락 끊김 ----------
------------ 잉가의 분노

Over the past three years,
all I could think about 
was when this time came
how I was going to kill you.

------------ 잉가의 분노

------------ 크리스 심문

Are you starting to remember how to be obedient?

Some tough guy you are,
Hitting a woman tied to chair.

------------ 크리스 심문



Comrade A, stand by on the east side!

Nobody gives a crap about your past.
*Nobody gives a damn (10화)