
episode 1 start

----------- 세상의 종말

How will the end of the world come upon us?
It's something I've always wondered about ever since I was a kid...
Well, it arrived without warning, in a way nobody could have imagined.
About 4 years ago, a man named Dr. Skinner, 
one of the most brilliant minds since Einstein, 
developed a miracle painkiller known as "Hapna."
Since it was cheap and had no side effects, 
it dominated the market instantly, 
and the world became a Hapna-filled wonderland.
They said it freed people from all suffering 
and was even celebrated as "the drug that could save the world."
Then, 3 years ago, Dr. Skinner vanished without a trace... 
And as it turned out... Hapna was a grand trap that he set upon us all.

----------- 세상의 종말

----------- 음악 틀어줘
Hey, put some music on for me.

What kind of music would you like?

How about something... 
with the vibe of a man who sold his soul to the devil... 
along those lines. That's what I want to hear.
----------- 음악 틀어줘

----------- 스키너 성명 발표
If you find yourself... 
unable to feel any kind of pain, 
then that is no different from being dead. 

While it is unfortunate, 
due to its dependency on Hapna, 
mankind (as we know it) is dead. 

Furthermore we have become fixated... 
on short-term gains in a never-ending battle... 
against our fellow man... 

This struggle has irreparably destroyed 
the environment of our planet. 
Taking the lives of countless people in the process. 

And so, as a scientist, 
I'm forced to come to this conclusion... 
That is the true nature of the human race. 

Can we allow this evil to continue? 
Shouldn't we, the human race... 
be held accountable and face punishment for our sins? 

As a matter of fact, 
I did not develop Hapna to act as a mere painkiller. 
I engineered it to remain in the body. 

Three years after ingestion, Hapna will mutate... 
killing all those who have taken it. 
It is impossible for Hapna to be neutralized 
or purged from the bloodstream. 

I have no intention of playing God. 
Nor do I intend to unilaterally decide what the fate 
of humanity will be. 

All I am doing 
is serving as the Seventh Trumpeter. 

-I estimate in 30 days... 
The first users of Hapna will die. 
But you should all know that I currently have the cure. 

You have 30 days. 
If someone can find me within that time, 
then humanity will survive. 

-Whether we as a race are worth saving or not... 
is something that I leave for all of you to decide. 
----------- 스키너 성명 발표

----------- 속보
We have breaking news. 
After Professor Skinner's shocking statement earlier today, 
several cities have descended into chaos. 
Full-on riots have broken out in some places, 
while elsewhere, people have begun lighting pharmaceutical companies on fire. 
----
-My fellow citizens... 
I need you all to please remain calm. 
We have already assembled a team of experts. 
They are doing everything they can 
to develop a cure for Hapna. 
----
-I can only assume that 
Professor Skinner has lost his mind. 
I have no idea why he would do something like this. 

-Is it really true that all the people 
who've taken Hapna can't be saved? 
I mean, the government seems to think it's possible 
for their people to make a cure. 

Thirty days isn't enough time, I'm afraid. 
Even if a cure could be made, 
it's likely that nobody will be left alive when it's available. 
----
-In the wake of Skinner's video, 
pharmaceutical companies have ended 
all Hapna sales across the board. 
Furthermore, companies have issued an emergency recall. 
All products still on the shelves must be pulled immediately. 
----
We must come to terms with our fate 
as there is no stopping it! 
----
-A historic crash was reported 
at the New York Stock Exchange 
with the Dow Jones plunging to its lowest numbers ever. 
This crash eclipses even the infamous Black Monday. 
----------- 속보

----------- 허쉬 상황보고
It seems things are moving even faster 
than we originally anticipated. 
Not to mention, they'll undoubtedly move to destroy all evidence 
if they pickup the notion that we're on their trail. 
Secrecy and speed will be of the utmost importance as we proceed. 

-I understand. 
How is the analysis of Hapna going? 

-We're working on it, 
but it is proving to be a difficult challenge. 
This is a work of art created by a genius. 
Developing a cure in such a short period of time, 
will be next to impossible. 

-I agree. 
It sounds like we're at the point 
where the only viable option is finding Dr. Skinner. 

-That is correct. 
That last member of yours... 
what happened with him? 

-He got away. 
But don't worry. 
We will find him, I promise. 

-All right. 
If things go too far, 
 those people might very well be our last hope. 
----------- 허쉬 상황보고
